applications: nrf_desktop: Use Picolibc in IPC radio image (#20796)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    Supporting Bluetooth LE legacy pairing makes devices vulnerable for a downgrade attack.
    The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP_SC_PAIR_ONLY` Kconfig option is enabled by default in Zephyr.
    If you still need to support the Bluetooth LE legacy pairing, you need to disable the option in the configuration.

>   * IPC radio image configurations of nRF5340DK to use Picolibc (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PICOLIBC`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The IPC radio image configurations of the nRF5340 DK to use Picolibc (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PICOLIBC`).
```

>     This aligns the configurations to IPC radio image configurations of nRF54H20DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This aligns the configurations to the IPC radio image configurations of the nRF54H20 DK.
```

>     The Picolibc is used by default in Zephyr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Picolibc is used by default in Zephyr.
```
